Add Drizzle demo app (#142)
edgedb/edgedb-examples: drizzle-book-notes-app/README.md

# Book Notes App

> This is a demo application showcasing the integration of [Drizzle ORM](https://orm.drizzle.team/) with [Gel](https://gel.dev/) and [Next.js](https://nextjs.org). The app allows users to manage books and their associated notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a demo application showcasing the integration of [Drizzle ORM](https://orm.drizzle.team/) with [Gel](https://geldata.com/) and [Next.js](https://nextjs.org). The app allows users to manage books and their associated notes.
```
